hothead heads today we are doing jokes
and our car keeps beeping it keeps
beeping there's no idea why wait let me
try something
Oh okay guys ready for some jokes yes
why did the skeleton drink eight glasses
of milk every day for calcium bones his
milk is good for your bones hey funny
it's not it's actually very informative
okay I'll go with that
why did Johnny jump up and down before
he drank his juice cuz he had a pee cuz
the carton said to shake well before
drinking I'm not the one who wrote these
the book lame
no actually it's laugh out loud but okay
what is a baby's favorite lame out well
we blame out loud what is a baby's
favorite reptile category blizzard
a rattlesnake seriously your ad don't
put it don't put her Idol snake next to
a baby yeah what does a snowman eat
before breakfast
no Sanju snowflakes frosted flake cried
she was close as close what's the next
one why did the Invisible Man turn down
a job offer because I couldn't see his
application he's invisible his
applications not visible no that's not
how it work it depends on what movie you
watch he just couldn't see himself doing
it uh I can't blame him you guys get it
where do generals keep their armies
in general some girls keep their armies
in there in their pockets clothes in
their sleeve ease hey don't if anyone
understands that one let me know how do
you make a hot dog stand put a toothpick
on it and make it dance wow that's more
complex - my butt take away its chair
it's funny cuz that's what happens to me
- you wanna be asked you are done
sometimes know what kind of balls don't
bounce I'm not going there with that one
eyeball on
I'm sure someone could dispute that yeah
that'd be weird
why can't you play hide and seek with
mountains because it felt big um because
they're always pinky Oh Bobby mom wins
that's exactly what it says in the book
I never even heard that joke either
hobby mom wins good job Bobby mom what
did the bride say when she dropped her
bouquet Oh poopsie okay see Oh
why are you Brides all stuck up because
I'm trying to keep him g-rated
whoopsie-daisy oh that's cute thank you
why did Jimmy's parents scream when they
saw his greens because he failed man
they're really dramatic oh he fell
because he had a bee on his report card
what do you call a stick that won't do
anything you want stick um a lump on a
log he closed stick-in-the-mud oh very
close I'll give you B
what do you get when you cross a pig and
a centipede a pig a pig now go with that
pickup eat bacon and legs
I know do you get that
no bacon in links lame lame lame at lab
jokes that's right
what do you get when you cross a tiger
and a snowman it's no Tiger Oh a Snow
Leopard he's gonna have to wait this
tiger and snowman I don't know no Tiger
frostbite oh that's a clever want one
more this one's gonna be good once
there's a duck in it
okay what is a duck on the fourth of
July July duck wait I know I think I
know I think you do crack tacular oh
you're close there's a firecracker that
was dynamite
that's a pretty accurate description
hobby dad oh oh